hey guys it's up barsh crusader here and
today i'm going to be bringing you a
quick money making guide the first ever
on this channel and this method will
consist of using the make leather spell
on dragonhide to create dragon leather
and it is quite profitable right now
possibly because the market is kind of
fluctuating after the bonus xp weekend
but still some great money while you can
so the requirements to do this method
are 83 magic to actually cast a spell as
well as having unlock this spell from
livid farm which costs about 490 k livid
farm points or produce points and so the
spell costs to astral rooms and two body
rooms which costs about 710 GP however
each cast will tan five hides for you so
you know 710 times 950 cast per hour
which is the rate that I got in this
video then that equates to a loss of
about six hundred and seventy-five k a
GP per hour however of course the profit
from tanning dragon hi to dragging
leather is quite substantial so right
now in the GE blue dragon hide buys for
about 3400 each and the blue dragon
leather sells for about 40 100 each so a
profit of 700 per dragonhide and of
course because you do so 700 GP / hide x
5 because each each cast of these spell
tens five hides at a time x 950 casper
our equates to about 3.3 too well
equates to exactly three point three to
five mil GP per hour and if you subtract
the 675 k from that then you get a net
of about two point six five mil GP per
hour and the XP also isn't too bad i did
get about 7k
in five minutes so that equates to an
hourly XP rate of 84 k magic XP per hour
the GP and XP rates can be a little bit
better because my banking wasn't too
great but I just wanted to make it kind
of realistic because this guide is aimed
for lower to mid level players or just
anyone that you know wants to kill some
time and make some pretty good money so
yeah the alivet farm requirement isn't
too bad just because I imagine that a
lot of players are aiming for that
completion escape so if you already have
the requirement done great and if you
haven't gotten it done yet you're
probably going to have to do it for
completion just cape anyways so might as
well get that out of the way and start
making yourself a buttload of cash
especially after a bonus xp weekend
which I assume that put a strain on most
people's banks but anyways that's all I
have for you today hope you guys enjoyed
liked the video if you liked it comment
with any comments subscribe for more
content and as always stay fishing my
friends